Demo websites: 
Link 1: https://demo.templatemonster.com/demo/109597.html?_gl=1*2b1bhc*_ga*MTAxNjc0MDQ2My4xNjY1MDQxMjAz*_ga_FTPYEGT5LY*MTY2Njk2NDMzMi4yLjEuMTY2Njk2NTA3Mi41Ni4wLjA.&_ga=2.15238326.1801761749.1666964333-1016740463.1665041203

main-color: #73be20;

Slogens:
Lets you live Better
Heart of perfect health
Ultra-Lite Hair Oil
Let yourself shine
Glorify your day
Get your Silkiness back
Let it grow
Healing with care
The beauty of purity


Amla oil is a natural remedy prepared from the fruit of the gooseberry tree, Phyllanthus emblica.

Description: Hair Oil enriches your hair, making them strong from inside and beautiful outside to keep you looking absolutely gorgeous all day long.

Ingredients: Paraffinum Liquidum, Canola Oil, Elaeis Guineensis Oil, Parfum, Phyllanthus Emblica Fruit Extract, BHT, Amyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Alcohol, Citral, Citronellol, Coumarin, Eugenol, Geraniol, Isoeugenol, Linalool, Limonene, Ci 47000, Ci 61565, Ci 26100

Skim through:
Ingredient name	what-it-does	irr., com.	ID-Rating
Paraffinum Liquidum	emollient, solvent	0, 0-2	
Canola Oil	emollient		
Elaeis Guineensis Oil	emollient		
Parfum	perfuming		Icky
Phyllanthus Emblica Fruit Extract	moisturizer/​humectant		
BHT	antioxidant, preservative		
Amyl Cinnamal	perfuming		
Benzyl Alcohol	preservative, perfuming, solvent, viscosity controlling		
Citral	perfuming		Icky
Citronellol	perfuming		Icky

Dabur Amla Hair Oil - World's No.1 Hair Oil
Is pollution and constant use of hair products making your hair dull? You need Dabur Amla Hair Oil. It strengthens your hair from within, encourages fresh growth and controls pre-mature greying. Dabur Amla Hair Oil nourishes the scalp and strengthens the hair strands, from root to tip, to give you thick, long & shiny tresses.
Why Dabur Amla Hair Oil?
Moisturises your scalp
Prevents from any hair damage
Controls pre-mature greying of hair
Gives you glowing & healthy tresses
Enhances healthy hair growth

Uses:
Amla oil is most commonly used to promote hair and scalp health, but amla oil has many other uses. Common uses of amla oil include:

improve immune function
lower or control cholesterol levels
lower or control blood sugar levels
improve brain health and function
reduce the effects of premature aging
improve vision
reduce dry skin
reduce dehydration
lighten or brighten the skin
improve respiratory function and coughs
reduce cold and flu recovery time
reduce the risk of cancer and chronic diseases
improve blood pressure
improve cardiovascular health
reduce the appearance of scars, blemishes, age spots, and wrinkles
improve vision and eye health
reduces inflammation
reduces sinus congestion
improve digestion and food absorption
enhances male fertility
improve urinary health

How to make amla oil:
Steps for making amla oil from fresh or dried amla fruits, or juice, at home include:

Grate or blend 1 cup of dried, fresh, or frozen amla fruit or juice.
Extract the juice of the amla fruits by squeezing and straining then through a sieve over a cup or bowl.
Measure 1 tablespoon of oil. Many people use extra virgin oils, such as coconut, olive, or sesame, to ensure the base is as pure, and potent, as possible.
Mix the amla fruit or powder and oil together for several minutes, or until the mixture looks uniform. Many people use a blender or whip the mixture.
If using solid oils, heat the mixture on a very low heat until the oil has fully melted and mixed in.
While the mixture is still slightly warm, apply the oil to the scalp for one or two hours, then rinse off. The mixture can also be left on overnight or until the next shower or bath. The mixture can also be applied to the skin and left on.

Does it work?
Most of the reported health benefits of amla oil have not been scientifically proven.

But amla fruits are known to be high in powerful antioxidants and other nutrients that have very well established health benefits. Amla oils also contain additional nutrients and antioxidants associated with the type of oil used.

Common compounds and nutrients found in amla fruit and oil:

vitamin C
vitamin A
polyphenols
amino acids (alanine, lysine, proline, aspartic acid, glutamic acid)
proteins
carbohydrates
calcium
potassium
magnesium
iron
carotene
alkaloids
gallotannins
pectin

Benefits for hair?
Potential hair and scalp benefits of amla oil include:

strengthen the scalp and hair
reduce premature pigment loss from hair, or greying
stimulate hair growth
reduce hair loss
prevent or treat dandruff and dry scalp
prevent or treat parasitic hair and scalp infections, like lice infections
prevent or treat fungal and bacterial hair and scalp infections
improve overall appearance of hair